If you knew in the psalms that you were a ghost beast
You will definitely be stunned
For the Psalms, this is just the beginning.
Here we go.
It is more crucial for us to take down Chen Xiaosheng
This is the key to our progress in the game circle.
Here's the thing.
By the way, no.
We made it too, right?
Mr. Chen, I would like to ask you a question.
How much do you know about the legendary game?
Legend this game
It's Bright Red Attu Company
Launched a large role-playing game
It is also very popular in Hong Kong
It's a rare offering.
The netizens are like this
I want to buy the agent of this game in China.
The coupon is paid by you, and I will invest in the new product.
I'll give you 40% of the limit.
If you don't drink it, I'll go to you and say it's true.
That's fine.
If this game is put into the domestic market
It will surely sweep across the country in a short period of time
There have been different reactions. This is Mr. Lu
I really can't figure it out because why did you invest in me?
You give me shares
I want to invest in more than just legends
This game revolutionized an entire era
People like you
Mr. Luo, thank you for looking at me like this
I won't let you down.
Oh, by the way, Senguda will return to the company tomorrow.
The game gold bid will be held at the Lecheng Hotel
You can come with me then.
Okay, I will do nothing, I won't let you down.
Can Lu Yao's game really catch fire?
Of course, there will be a fire.
And it's not just this game that will be popular
Oops, are you back for dinner?
Did you eat the eldest sister?